---
title: Nov 18th, 2020
---

## Hey, this thing ate a bunch of stuff I wrote... that's not good.  I wonder if it's because we are using mixed Markdown and Org mode formats. :joe:
## Mixed Markdown and Org mode formats should be OK, no? (It's all just ASCII text)
### Yes, in principle it *should* be fine, I guess.  Both of them use [[links like this]] (which is actually Org syntax not Markdown syntax, but who's counting!)
### My concern was that I thought some wonky behaviour earlier today might be associated with format mismatch. E.g., there's only ONE "Nov 18th, 2020" page, and right now it seems to be the .md version rather than the .org version.   But, it could just be due to timezones.  I'll ask about it in the Discord if it comes up again.
## I wonder what happens if I just dump some Obsidian generated files into this repo - let's see ....
## Later on 18 Nov: some noticings.
### the metadata when listing pages shows this as modified (created?) on 17 Nov with the title of "Nov 18th, 2020".
### a markdown file with a "title:" element at the top is listed with that title.
### listing "all files" seems to show files that have been deleted. which raises the question: how are items deleted using the web interface?
### I keep comparing my experience of this web interface with that of Obsidian (which seems easier to build a model for). What am I assuming or missing here?
##
## I was going to paste in a screenshot of All Pages (at least from my point of view) -- there are some interesting incipient pages.  But alas, image support seems to not be there yet. [Image paste support · Issue \#14](https://github.com/logseq/logseq/issues/14). #pete
